Docs/documentation 2.0 (#158)
sse-secure-systems/connaisseur: docs/SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

## Supported Versions

The last known significant security vulnerability was in version 1.3.0 (Connaisseur not validating initContainers).
However, since both Python packages and OS packages in the Connaisseur image may become vulnerable over time, we suggest either frequently rebuilding the Connaisseur image from source yourself or updating to the latest Connaisseur image.

> We strictly stick to semantic versioning, so unless the major version changes, updating Conaisseur should never brake your installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We stick to semantic versioning, so unless the major version changes, updating Conaisseur should never break your installation.
```

> We stick to semantic versioning, so unless the major version changes, updating Conaisseur should never breake your installation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We stick to semantic versioning, so unless the major version changes, updating Conaisseur should never break your installation.
```
